Abstract down a Dialog Base for more flexible Dialog patterns (#2542)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: packages/dialog/dialog-base.md

## Description

> `sp-dialog-base` is useful for constructing more complex dialog experiences for you application. It can either be used as a decorator for your own dialog content, it expects a single element dialog to be provided to its default slot, or as a base class, as seen in [Dialog Wrapper](../dialog-wrapper).

Author: Updated with some of your notes. Let me know if it's still not clear enough.

> `sp-dialog-base` is useful for constructing more complex dialog experiences for you application. It can either be used as a decorator for your own dialog content, it expects a single element dialog to be provided to its default slot, or as a base class, as seen in [Dialog Wrapper](../dialog-wrapper).

Reviewer: lgtm!

> `sp-dialog-base` accepts slotted dialog content (often an `<sp-dialog>`) and presents that content in a container that is animated into place when toggling the `open` attribute. In concert with the [Overlay API](../overlay) or [Overlay Trigger](../overlay-trigger), the provided dialog content will be displayed on over the rest of the page. Leverage the `interaction = modal` and `receivesFocus = 'auto'` setting in the Overlay API to ensure that focus is thrown into the dialog content when opened and that the tab order will be trapped with in that content while open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sp-dialog-base` accepts slotted dialog content (often an `<sp-dialog>`) and presents that content in a container that is animated into place when toggling the `open` attribute. In concert with the [Overlay API](../overlay) or [Overlay Trigger](../overlay-trigger), the provided dialog content will be displayed over the rest of the page. Leverage the `interaction = modal` and `receivesFocus = 'auto'` settings in the Overlay API to ensure that focus is thrown into the dialog content when opened and that the tab order will be trapped within it while open.
```

### Usage

[![See it on NPM!](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@spectrum-web-components/dialog?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@spectrum-web-components/dialog)
[![How big is this package in your project?](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/@spectrum-web-components/dialog?style=for-the-badge)](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=@spectrum-web-components/dialog)
[![Try it on webcomponents.dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/Try%20it%20on-webcomponents.dev-green?style=for-the-badge)](https://webcomponents.dev/edit/collection/fO75441E1Q5ZlI0e9pgq/MLYDVWpWhNxJZDW3Ywqq/src/index.ts)

```
yarn add @spectrum-web-components/dialog
```

Import the side effectful registration of `<sp-dialog-base>` via:

```
import '@spectrum-web-components/dialog/sp-dialog-base.js';
```

When looking to leverage the `DialogBase` base class as a type and/or for extension purposes, do so via:

```
import { DialogBase } from '@spectrum-web-components/dialog';
```

## Example

```html
<overlay-trigger type="modal" placement="none">

>     <sp-dialog-base underlay slot="click-content">

Reviewer: Putting it in the "we can't do that today, let's consider that for the overlay/dialog refactor moving forward" bucket works for me.
